Add port 6060 to list of backend port requirements (#2863)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.20/operations/deploy-sensu/install-sensu.md

2379 | gRPC | Sensu storage client: Required for Sensu backends using an external etcd instance |
2380 | gRPC | Sensu storage peer: Required for other Sensu backends in a [cluster][22] |
3000 | HTTP/HTTPS | [Sensu web UI][3]: Required for all Sensu backends using a Sensu web UI |

> 6060 | HTTP/HTTPS | Required for all Sensu backends when [debug log level][43] is enabled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6060 | HTTP/HTTPS | Required for all Sensu backends when performance profiling is enabled via [debug][43] setting |
```

[40]: https://etcd.io/docs/v3.3.13/op-guide/runtime-configuration/
[41]: ../../../reference/checks/#subscriptions
[42]: https://bonsai.sensu.io/

> [43]: ../../maintain-sensu/troubleshoot/#log-levels

Reviewer: Change to an anchor link to the `debug` config property in backend reference.
